
eese, without them brother would be arrayed
brother, and blood would run down the street:
ur beautiful city.
is not necessary for me to declare to you, who
prised of transpiring events, that they are botl
ger, and that neither of them will be preserved
Jer resolves. The time has rather arrived for
than expression. No man can maintain the
ity of this Union by popular assemblies, declar
evotion to the Constitution. The time has come
n every man has got to define his position in the
at struggle which is about to come off between
Il sections and rival interests. No greater truth
ever proclaimed in the hearing of the American
ople, than that there is an antagonism between
Leedom and slavery. [Applause.) And let no man
onsole himself with the rellection that this antago-
nism is to be quieted by the palliatives of compro-
mise. [A voice. Or by public meetings.] You can-
not form truces between them, which will last. It is
es impossible as to dam up mighty rivers, and to say
t from such a point dry land shall appear. As
y as the free sentiment of the North shall invade
he territory of the South, so long the South will
sve complaints; and you have now to make up your
inds who you will serve whether you will serve
or Belial. [Applause.]
nis is not the first time in our history that these
culties have come upon us, and when the safety
the country has been imperilled. In 1820 we
npromised, in 1832 we compromised, in 1854 we
promised for the purpose of making peace be-
een these rival and conflicting interests, and in
ery instance in which compromises have been
ered into, these compromises have been followed
Museo ---libo at dangordeAnd now it
proposed to us, with all the experience of the past,
at we shall again endeavor to make a lasting truce
ween freedom and slavery. I have said at anoth-
time, and in another place, that air lines may di-
ide rival States, but they can never bound conflict-
itiments. The lights of the press, the waves
cient craft, the mechanical tendencies of high-
ductive art-these will always make an im-
on upon the weak and the impotent. My fel-
citizens, I put it to you, sober, staid, sensible
, to give to me if you can, the lines of compro-
which shall give to us rest. Will you restore
Missouri Compromise line [A voice,"No"]
Acted in 1820 at the demand of the South, and re-
. 180+ at the same demand? Will you re-
act it again ? [A voice, “ Not by any means."]
Not by any means. No, I would rather suffer my
right arm to be severed from the shoulder [cheers]
than place upon myself any such mark of humiliation
and disgrace. [Renewed cheers.] Are you willing
that this game of battledore and shuttlecock shall
longer be played between the South and the North ?
If you are, I am not, and the line is drawn between
as distinctly as it is drawn between the North and
de South. A voice, " He's exactly right," and
cheers.) As for myself, I say it here, and I say it
distinctly, desiring not to be misunderstood by any
man—and you will find I will carry it out through
my life—no more compromise.. Cries of " Good,"
and vociferous and long-continued applause.] I love
the Constitution and the Union equal to that of any
ther man, [cheers,] but I will not buy them from
man who does not exclusively own them.
cheers.] If the Constitution and the
S ot secure the fealty of every right-minded
it to be expected that a flimsy compro-
- atched up by members of Congress, is going
what they cannot effect? My motto is, “ Mil-
for defence, not one cent for tribute.” [Cheers.]
proper, my fellow-citizens, that we should look
the realities of the times. South Carolina declares
that she has already seceded from the Union; that
the bonds have been severed which bound us together.
I contend that if South Carolina is out of the Union,
there is no State in it, ſcheers,] for there is not vi-
tality or power in the bonds which we supposed held
us but I give it as my opinion, as my conviction,
that she is not yet out of the Union, and I also give
it as my conviction that, with the blessing of Al-
W ty God, she never will be out of the Union.
Sendous ar ause and wild enthusiasm.] If you
I do now she will never be out of the
I repeat to-night what I have
the eighteen millions
who monopolize all
sence of the country, are
rcome, paralyzed and moulded into shape
lions without these auxiliaries.
y friends, we have fallen upon evil times.
not magnify our danger, nor would I in any
inish the aspect which it presents. We have
arrayed against the Union a sovereign State.
the sympathies of five or six other States so
ading to South Carolina that, in my judgment,
ready to join her at any advantageous mo-
and I am by no means certain that all the bor-
ces will not be found in affiliation. We have,
ion to this, a traitor President, ſloud cheers]
ot and rotten Cabinet, [cheers] and for aught
we may have the regular army against the
finasmuch as the President is the commander-
of that army; but I declare to you my solemn
on, to-night, that with all these fifteen States,
leral Administration, and the army and navy
Together, the mighty millions of the North
nd and save the Constitution and the Union.
1 If I did not believe so, I should despair
Auntry, for I look at this thing as I know that
I should despair of my country, and I
ry aloud to my God, “Oh! give me a city of
is your determination? You have declared
Constitution and the Union. How do you
to save them? There is, in my judgment, but
e way known under Heaven and antong men, by
ich they can be saved ; that is, by such an expres-
on as will go out from this hall to-night, that band-
al reason, no matter how strong, shall not destroy
in. " Good," and cheers.] Neither merchants
or manufacturers, however respectable they may be
in town meeting assemblies, can do anything for the
cause which we have at heart, and much less can
they give us safety by a truckling, mean, dog-like
subserviency to the South. [Cheers. The day
will come to all such men, and it will come quickly,
too, when they will call for the mountains to fall
upon and hide them from the gaze of their fellow-
neen. [Cheers.] These are the men who would
bind the Constitution and the Union by tape and
bobbin. They have offered their price to the South,
und we have seen how the South has spurned them.
The only plan to save the Constitution is by a union
of hearts and of hands, (cheers] of resolute, deter-
mined men, who will meet the last issue. Cheers.)
do not doubt that I speak very far in advance of
nunc tande I have never measured
ons by present prevailing opinion, nor do
to do so now. I would not degrade myself
appearing before any body of men in Christen-
tom, to express opinions which I know are false.
Cheers..] I tell you that the South believe that the
North is craven, and those men, to whom I have al-
luded, have but afforded them stronger ground for
this belief. Cheers. I want to know of every
man I meet, here or elsewhere, if he belongs to that
body of men, or whether he belongs to another. I
want to know whether he is going to purchase peace
by meanness, by betraying his own people and his
wn interests, or whether he is going to defend the
peace. Cheers. My fellow-citizens, the Constitu-
fion and the U n should be upon the lips of every
man, and the Constitution and the Union should be
fended by the valor of every man. [Hurrah ! and
Cheers.] Unless you think as I dounless you speak
I do- as sure as we have met here to-night-the
Consti/ution and the Union are lost forever. [Cheers.
I call upon you to save them. I call upon you
nuster all your manhood, and to meet the issue
hat you have framed, but which the South ha:
ed upon you. To meet it boldly and determi.
not defiantly, and if you shall do so, you wil
e the satisfaction to know your country is agair
ife. [Cheers.] And soft as the tones of the seraph
Yet loud as the thunder of heaven, the cry shall come
from the sentinel on the watch-tower of liberty,“ God
prospers the Republic. All is well !”
The applause during Mr. Hickman's remarks was
at times, deafening. When he uttered the sentimen
of " no more compromises," the shouts were for
dous; cheers rang confused
tond The


 

He was no advocate for force, except as the last
dread arbitrament. He would bear with his brother
to the last moment. He sought no war against
them. There was no feeling in the North of hostili-
ty to their Southern brethren. The North had no
desire for war, but if it is forced upon us, then the
feeling here must be unanimous that no traitor must
be allowed to breathe in PennsylvaniaCheers.] -
He did not believe there was a citizen of this State
who voted for Mr. Lincoln, who would refuse to bat-
tle for the Constitution and the Union. In regard to
the matter of force, that was discretionary with the
constituted authorities. When called upon by them, fi
let the people respond. Prior to such call, it would
not become members of the People's party to make h
offensive threats, or to boast of their strength and
power. The country and its resources were known;
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, thousands would be )
found ready to perish in obedience to the call of the
officials. The mighty army of the North was capable o
of defending the interests of its section. It was in
against all history for a Southern nation to encroach s
upon a Northern one. It was for the interest of a
both North and South to keep the fraternal tie per-
manent, that all the people might be protected."
Tear it asunder, and the world would not know a
period of equal violence. The tie was not yet de-
stroyed. Notwithstanding the deeds of these Pal- s
metto people, the Union was yet intact. Their Com-p
missioners had not buen recognized by the President,
who, it was possible to hope, might yet prove himself
to be something of a man. Mr. Mann then related
a remark which Mr. Douglas had made in the Press
ident's hearing, relative to the sterling virtues and to
courage of Andrew Jackson: "He is dead !” How r
sad it was to know that his olden worth had no place a
in the heart of James Buchanan! He (Jackson) |
would have clutched rebellious Carolina as a steel
glove clutches a handful of hornets. Jackson had
regretted to the day of his death that he had not
quite enough law on his part to enable him to hang
Calhoun. He was a soldier and a man of action. C
Mr. Mann paid a copious eulogium to Gen. Jackson. t
The spirit of Jackson still lived, and was ready to a
act. The People's party would preserve the Union h
as it had preserved the city and the State. It would
give justice to the South with an open hand, and
was a conservative party, which would, nevertheless,
yield no single right fought or voted for.
Spirited speeches were also made by J. R. Flani-
gen, Esq., David Newport, Esq., John E. Latta,
Esq., Dr. Frank Taylor of Chester County, Gen. a
William F. Small, Mr. Charles Wilson, and others.
[Philadelphia U. S. Gazette.





