
AMERICAN CITIZENSHIP.
Mr. Buchanan, in his Message, appealing to the
people of the Union, says :-
“But I may be permitted solemnly to invoke my r
countrymen to pause and deliberate before they deter-
mine to destroy this, the grandest temple which has
ever been dedicated to human freedom, since the world
began. It has been consecrated by the blood of our
forefathers, by the glories of the past, and by the hopes a
of the future. The Union has already made us the
most prosperous, and ere long will, if preserved, render
us the most powerful nation on the face of the earth.
In every foreign region of the globe, the title of American
citizen is held in the highest respect, and when pronounced
in a foreign land, it causes the heart of our countrymen to
swell with honest pride."
It was one of the boasts of the Roman State, when
in the height of its grandeur and power, that the sol-L.
emn declaration, "I am a Roman citizen," was a
protection in foreign and barbarous lands. Cicero,
in his great invective against Verres, the tyrant of
Sicily, made it an aggravation of his cruelties, that
he had disregarded this plea of Roman citizenships
St. Paul, at Jerusalem, made the same effective ap- t
peal :-
«The chief captain commanded him to be brought
into the castle, and bade that he should be examined
by scourging, that he might know wherefore they cried
so against him.
And as they bourd him with thongs, Paul said to
the centurion that stood by, 'Is it lawful for you to
scourge a man that is a Roman, and uncondemned ?
When the Centurion heard that, he went and told
the chief Captain, saying, Take heed what thou doest,
for this man is a Roman.
Then the chief Captain came, and said unto him,
Tell me, art thou a Roman? He said, Yea.'
And the chief Captain answered, With a great sum
obtained I this freedom.' And Paul said, 'But I was
free-born.'
Then straightway they departed from him, which
should have examined him; and the chief Captain was
also afraid, after he knew that he was a Roman, and because
he had bound him.”- Acts XXII, 24-29.
Such was Roman citizenship and its immunities,
even in Judea, eighteen hundred years ago. Mr.
Buchanan extols the power of the United States and
the value of American citizenship abroad. There is
something to predicate such a boast upon. It is not
many years ago that Capt. Ingraham (a native of
South Carolina,) nearly plunged the United States
into a war with Austria, in behalf of one Kozta, an
Austrian subject, not even a citizen of the United
States, but who, having declared his intention to be-
come so, was sojourning in Asia Minor. The country
sustained even that arrogant pretension, so jealous
are we of any aggression upon the rights of American
citizens.
Within no very long period past, the case of natu-
ralized American citizens travelling in their father-
land, and there held to supposed claims to military
services, attracted much attention. Their rights
were vindicated, after considerable doubt and hesita-
tion on the part of our Government.
We suppose there can hardly be a doubt that if,
in any country of Europe, or even in the Barbary
States of Africa, a single citizen of our country were
seized and subjected to torture or other indignity,
instant redress would be demanded, and insisted on;
that without such redress there would be just cause
of war, and actual war waged with our might. Were
he so seized and maltreated, upon the ground that he
was an American, and was in favor of American in-
stitutions, there would be no bounds to the universal
indignation.
Suppose the Rev. Dr. Cheever (a well-known
clergyman now in Europe ) should be there arrested
and lynched, by hanging on a tree, for no other of-
fence than because he is an American would it be
passed by in silence? A government which fails to
protect the lives of its citizens, and their persons from
insult, even by arms if need be, has no rank among
the nations of the earth. It would be idle for a for-
eign power to say, this was the act of a lawless mob.
We should reply, " Have the perpetrators been brought
to justice ?" "Happily, however, it is true that citi-
zenship of the United States is respected in all foreign
countries pretending to civilization.
How is it in the States of our own Confederacy?
The newspapers daily give us accounts of the mal-
treatment of American citizens upon American soil.
Throughout the cotton States—indeed, in several of
the border or breeding States-the life of no North-
ern man is safe. The merchant from the North—the
preacher of the Gospel from that section--the teach-
er, male or female—the traveller for health or busi-
ness, is in much greater danger than he would be
among the Bedouin Arabs, or the roving tribes of
Sahara! So frequent have these cases become, that
every day brings us new ones, often with some new
form of atrocity and barbarism. Not a citizen of
Ohio to-day can travel in the cotton States, and reg-
ister his name and address, without exposing himself
to scourging, tar and feathers, or hanging. It is only
a few weeks ago that Stephen A. Douglas and his
wife were pelted with eggs at the State Capitol of Al-
abama. Not to be forgotten either, is the hanging
of the Rev. Mr. Bewley, in Texas, now authentically
known ; this, for no crime, no misdemeanor, but
simply because he was a preacher of the Gospel, and
came from a free State. It would require columns
to enumerate the cases where the parties are known,
and the facts unquestionable. We have not chosen
to fill our paper with stories of hangings and minor
tortures of the driving men away by brute force,
because of simple Northern birth. They are weari-
some and painful reading; humiliati onman
who calls himself a citizen






