ANNUAL MEETING.
The Twenty-Ninth Annual Meeting of the MASSA-
CHUSETTS ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY will be held at
the TREMONT TEMPLE, in Boston, on THURSDAY
and FRIDAY, January 24th and 25th, commencing at
half past 10 o'clock, A. M.
The members and friends of the Society are ur-
gently requested to make the attendance on their part
larger than ever before seen since its formation. In
view of the position of the Anti-Slavery cause, and of
the state of the nation, it will be the most important
anniversary the Society has ever held.Troublous as
is the aspect of things, it is a sure indication that the
cause of impartial freedom is moving onward with ir-
resistible power, and that the day of jubilee is rapidly
approaching, to be succeeded by universal joy, peace
and prosperity. For nothing disturbs the repose,
deranges the business, assails the interest, dishonors
the character, and imperils the existence of the re-
public, but SLAVERY. Freedom, and the love of it,
and the advocacy of it, and the uncompromising sup-
port of it, without regard to color or race, can never
work ill to whatever is just, honest, noble, humane,
and Christ-like. It is not the Abolitionists, who sim-
ply espouse the cause of God's poor and needy and
oppressed, that it may go well with our land, but the
| Southern slaveholders and slave-breeders, who traffic
in human flesh and enslave even their own blood-kin-
dred, and who hate every thing that savors of liberty,
who have brought the nation into its present distracted
I and distressful condition; for theirs is the spirit which
chooses "rather to reign in hell than serve in heaven.”
Come, then, friends of freedom, to the Anniversary,
strong in the righteousness of your cause, serene and
undaunted in spirit, and resolute in your purpose to
seek the speedy removal of the cause of all our na-
tional suffering and danger!
Able and eloquent speakers will be present as usual.
[The list will be given hereafter.]
In behalf of the Society,
FRANCIS JACILSON, President.
ROBERT F. WALLCUT, Secretary.









