THIRTY YEARS COMPLETED.
UL
1
We have completed thirty years of editorial life con
nected with the Liberator. We commence a new de-
cade with the same confidence in the principles we
espouse, the same assurance of success in the cause
we advocate, that we felt at the commencement of
our labors,-only greatly strengthened by the expe-
rience gained, and the progress made toward the goal
of final victory. It has been a long, desperate, and
| (humanly speaking) most unequal struggle with the
organized religious sentiment, the political power, the
combined wealth, the recognized respectability, the
s popular feeling, the business selfishness, the satanic
malignity, and the universal brutality and ruffianism
f of the country; but, from the hour the bugle of free-
dom first sounded its notes in favor of immediate and
universal emancipation, the movement has advanced
with slow but irresistible power, under Divine guid-
ance, confounding the wisdom of the wise, contemning
the might of the strong, taking the cunning in their
own craftiness, unmasking the hypocritical, swallow-
ing up all the rods of the magicians, breaking sects
and parties into fragments, vanquishing all opponents,
its poverty more than a match for all the wealth of
the land, its conscience outweighing Church and
State, its spirit sublime and unconquerable, its truths
self-evident, and its results glorious in the annals of
historic achievement;-and still,
« Against the wind, against the tide,
It steadies with upright keel,”
? outstripping all competition, and with the haven of
righteousness and peace full in view.
For thirty years, we have been the target of popular
scorn and violence, for imploring the nation to "undo
the heavy burdens, break every yoke, and let the op-
pressed go free”!
For thirty years, we have been ignominiously
branded as heretic and infidel, disorganizer and fanatic,
because we have declared chattel slavery to be dia-
metrically at war with the spirit and teachings of
Christianity, and that into the true Church enter nei-
ther the enslavers nor despisers of their fellow-men!
For thirty years, we have subjected ourselves to
outlawry in all the slaveholding States, and have had
no common country to recognize our rights and ac-
cord to us equal privileges, because we have main-
tained that liberty ought to be "proclaimed through-
Tout all the land, unto all the inhabitants thereof T
For thirty years, we have been held up to public
abhorrence as a monster of iniquity, and represented
fas quite unfit to live, because we have "remembered
- those in bonds as bound with them," refusing to com-
promise their cause, and carrying out in their behalf
- the Golden Rule !
- For thirty years, the Abolitionists have been mobbed
in city, town and village-misunderstood, misrepre-
sented, calumniated, caricatured, ostracised-injured
in business, and cut off from all preferment-because
f they have endorsed the language of JOHN WESLEY,
- that “Slavery is the sum of all villany," and believed
f with THOMAS JEFFERSON, in regard to the enslaved
at the South, that “one hour of their bondage is
fraught with more misery than ages of that which we
rose in rebellion to oppose"-and trembled with him,
when they “reflected that God is just, and that his
t justice cannot sleep forever"!
The “head and front of our offending,' and of theirs,
s hath this extent-no more."
So stands the record of impartial history.
But the Anti-Slavery cause being of heaven, not of
men, and guarded and defended by the arm of Om-
nipotence, no weapon formed against it has been able
to prosper. In vain have been, and will be, all com-
promises between the North and South. The "irre-
y conflict” sweeps everything before it,
the fulminations of priestcraft, and
All Union-saving
renant
1
.
13





