13_01_000002_crop4.jpg:
LETTER FROM DR. A. BROOKE.
MARLBORO', Ohio, Dec. 14th, 1860.
MY DEAR FRIEND,--Your remarks upon the late ri
mob in Boston, in the Liberator of the 7th, include the in
following passage:
"It way our impression that the Convention would prove 1
comparatively a failure, as the Call did not emanate from a
source calculated to carry any personal weight, and as no
conference or consultation whatever was had with the long-
tried advocates of the anti-slavery cause, who, if they had in
been consulted, would have suggested a very different mode
of procedure, and who had nothing to do with it directly."
Inasmuch as you acknowledge “the right of the
young men," alluded to, “to call the meeting in their
own way,” is there not something needlessly ungra- +
cious, to say the least, in such a remark, under the cir-
cumstances? While perilling much in a struggle for
free speech for all, and smarting under undeserved vio-
lence, was it wise towards our cause to enter a dis-
claimer of any part of their course, which could not
be condemned as a moral delinquency? Is there not
reason to feel encouraged by, and to encourage every
evidence of uncompromising hostility to slavery, ,
whether the actors in it pronounce our shibboleth, or
ask our opinion of the “how to do it," or no?
Yours, with true regard, A. BROOKE.
REPLY. We deem it neither unfair nor improper to
"let every tub stand upon its own bottom," or to state
facts truly as they exist. The reason why we used
the explanatory language, referred to by Dr. Brooke,
was, that the meeting at the Temple was falsely repre-
seuled by the press and telegraph to have been a
"Garrisonian” convention, and especially under the
guidance of Mr. Phillips and Mr. Garrison, who were
taunted with cowardice (!) by the Courier for not hav-
ing been present. While we shrink from no responsi-
bility of our own, we are not willing to have that of
others thrust upon us against our consent. We fully
vindicated the right of those who called the meeting
at the Temple to do so, against all disorderly interrup-
tion, and have ever since been assiduously endeavor-
ing to deepen the infamy of those who riotously broke
it up, by recording our own views, and the sentiments
of various manly journals in different parts of the
country. We still think, however, that it would have
been not only courteous, but judicious, on the part of
the young men who signed the call, to have conferred
directly with those older in the struggle, as to the best
mode of procedure upon an anniversary calculated to
arouse the demon-spirit of slavery, far and wide.
There can be no good objection to "personal weight,"
or to the presentation of the most influential names,
when these can be obtained in the cause of ostracised
liberty. Nevertheless, it is for each and all to labor as
they may. Our only aim was, to make a simple ex-
planation in order to correct a wide-spread misrepre-
sentation. What would have been a comparative fail-
ure, has resulted in a meeting for the whole country,
commanding millions of hearers, owing to the efforts
of Messrs. Fay, Howe, and their mobocratic associates.
So kind Heaven-
« From seeming evil, still educes good.”
