
FAMINE IN KANSAS.
With all the relief that has yet been extended, the
famine in Kansas continues to be sorely felt, and
thousands are in a state of destitution closely border-
ing upon starvation. The number is estimated at
thirty or forty thousand. This is truly appalling; for
they can realize nothing for themselves until another
harvest. On our last page, we give a highly into
ing Stter from Mr Dan int, dated" Atchison,
Kansas, Dec. 20, 1860," in which some painful and
heart-moving facts are communicated respecting this
terrible visitation, and a strong appeal made to East-
ern benevolence, which we are sure will not be made
in vain. The most reliable arrangements have been
made in the Territory to sacredly and judiciously dis-
tribute the charities given, according to the necessities
of the parties presenting themselves for relief; so that
there need be no apprehension on that point. Think
of a bare-footed population in the inclemency of win-
ter, to say nothing of rags instead of clothing for a
covering!
Below is a private note from our esteemed friend,
Col. Whiting of Concord, Mass., characteristic of his
spirit, which we publish in this connection as an in-
centive for others to “ go and do likewise.” Blessings
on the heads of the juvenile benefactors in Concord
of the suffering people in Kansas !
CONCORD, Dec. 16, 1860.
DEAR FRIEND,-Reading in the Liberator of the
7th inst. an affecting account of the sufferings of the
people at Neosho Falls, Woodson County, Kansas, I
thought it would be well to read it to our Sunday
School, which I accordingly did. We then and there
voted to take up a collection on the 16th inst. It
amounts to $10.62. It would have done your heart
good to see the bright eyes of the dear little children
sparkle when the amount collected was announced to
them, because it is so much more blessed to be
able to give than to (be obliged to) receive.
May God in mercy grant that every one who has
the means may be kind and generous to the poor suf-
ferers, not only in Kansas, but wherever they may be !
Yours, truly, WM. WHITING.
f






