FUGITIVE SLAVES AND THE LIBERTY ACT.
NUMBER I.
-
d
d
There will, undoubtedly, be an attempt made, in this
State and the other States, to repeal the so-called
Liberty Act, with a view of conciliating the South,
and preventing its secession. It has been stated in
the newspapers, recently, by high legal authority, that
the Liberty Act of this State is unconstitutional,--as
conflicting with the National Constitution, and for
this reason should be immediately repealed. How
this may be, I do not know, and I will not undertake
to call in question the legal opinions of men so emi
nent as lawyers, as many of these gentlemen un
doubtedly are.
I take, however, an entirely different ground from
them, and would prevent the execution of the Fugi
tive Slave Law, whether it is constitutional or not, and
whether the Liberty Act of this State is a violation o
this provision of the National Constitution or not.
The ground I take—and I think it is an impregnable
one-is, that the States had no right to make this pro
vision a part of this Constitution, nor adopt it; and
that it is entirely null and void, as such. I will now
endeavor to prove the position I thus take. And to
do this, I will review the decision of the Suprem
Court of this State, in the case of the slave Med
which came before them more than twenty year
since, and which decision was given by Judge Shaw
in his own language. I say, then, that there is a
evident inconsistency, in principle, between the law a
it was decided by the Court in that case, in referenc
to slaves brought here voluntarily by their masters, an
the law in relation to slaves who are fugitives fron
other States, under the provision of the National Con
stitution. In the former case, the Court decided tha
they are entitled to their liberty immediately, and i
the latter case, that they must be returned back agai
to a state of slavery. To perceive this inconsistenc
in principle, we must examine the ground upon whic
they are declared to be free when coming with th
consent of their master, and see whether these ground
do not equally apply when they are fugitives froi
another State. The Court, in giving their opinion i
that case, say :
* Without making inquiry further, it is sufficient for ti
purpose before us, that by the Constitution, adopted
1780, slavery was abolished in Massachusetts, on the grou
that it is contrary to natural right and the plain principles
justice. The terms of the 1st article of the Declaration
Rights are plain and explicit,-All men are born free ax
equal, and have certain natural, essential and inalionab
rights, among which, are the right of enjoying and d
fonding their lives and liberty, that of acquiring, posses
ing and protecting property. It would be difficult to sele
words more precisely adapted to the abolition of neg
slavery."
Now, if these were the grounds upon which slaver
1s
le
ng
ts
ho
-


13_01_000002_crop5.jpg:
80
vas abolished in this State, and can no longer exist T
here, why do not they apply as well to fugitive slaves
as any other? Why is it not as "contrary to natural
right and the plain principles of justice” to hold them
n bondage, or return them to bondage, as slaves who tl
have come here by the consent of their masters ? u
These principles apply to the system of slavery in T
tself, and not to the mode by which they came into
Ehe State. The rights of the slave must be the same e
In both cases.
But in reply to this it may be said, that, in the case b
of fugitive slaves, the State of Massachusetts has, by t
adopting the National Constitution, bound themselves g
to recognize slavery in the Southern States, so far as
to deliver up fugitive slaves when claimed by their h
masters, but have not bound themselves to deliver up t
slaves who come here under other circumstances. I
But the question recurs again, what right have theyt
to bind themselves by adopting a Constitution contain-
ing such a provision "against natural right and the
plain principles of justice"? What right have they
to assume dominion over the lives and liberty and
welfare of a race of men who were not parties to this t
Constitution, and who had no voice, either jn: fixing
its provisions or making the laws under these pro-
visions—who were not represented in the Conven- 1
tion that framed it, or in Congress who made laws un-
der it? If there is any truth in the assertion made in
the Declaration of Independence, "That all just laws
proceed from the consent of the governed,” they are
certainly not bound by these laws, for they never gave
their consent to them in any manner, either directly
or through their representatives. And I would further
ask, what right had the States to bind themselves by
an instrument, which, under certain circumstances, re-
quires them to rob a fellow-man of all his rights, per-
sonal, domestic and civil, and to reduce him again to
the condition of a brute and a chattel? If they have
no right by the Constitution and laws of Massachu-
setts, grounded upon "natural right and the plain
principles of justice," to deprive a fellow-being of all
his rights, and treat him as a slave, they have no right
to become parties to a National Constitution which is
intended to produce this effect. This principle will
apply to the one as well as the other.
But it is said by the Court, in this case, that the Con-
stitution of the United States partakes of the nature
of a treaty between foreign powers, and that it would
be perfectly competent for one foreign power to stipu-
late by a treaty to deliver up the fugitive slaves of
another foreign power. This position of the Court I
would respectfully dispute. In my judgment, it is
never competent for one foreign power to bind them-
selves by a treaty to do that to another foreign power,
which the party stipulating confesses will, in its con-
sequences, lead to something "against natural right
and the plain principles of justice." If it were com-
petent, it would be competent for a nation to do what
is an acknowledged wrong, and a violation of justice.
The plain distinction in the case appears to me to be
this : that though a government has no right forcibly
to interfere with the laws or institutions of another
State, within that State, though such laws or institu-
tions may be unjust and oppressive, yet it ought not,
in any way, to coöperate with the other State within
its own jurisdiction and territory, in the support of
such institutions and laws. It is not bound to reform
and purify the laws or institutions of another State of
their injustice and evils, except by the exercise of a
moral influence; but it is bound in any way to exe-
cute these laws, or uphold these institutions, within its
own dominiono Tt : Lotu sake other na-
tions do right, but it is obliged itself not to do wrong.
Again : see the absurdity which follows from con-
sidering a man a slave who comes into Massachu-
setts as a fugitive, and a freeman when brought here
by his master. In the former case, he is considered
a mere chattel-a movable--personal property attached
to his master, which may be reclaimed as a stray
horse. In the latter, he is considered a freeman, en-
titled to all the rights of a freeman. Yes, the same
individual, having the same natural rights, which he
has never forfeited or transferred, is to depend for the
character, in which he shall be treated, whether as a
horse or a man, upon the mere mode by which he
shall have found his way into the State—a circum-
stance not at all affecting the fact whether he is a hu-
man being, endowed with all the faculties of a human
being, and entitled to all the rights of a human being.
If such a doctrine is not absurd and destitute of sense,
and such as never would have entered into the head
of anybody, but those who are wedded to the artificial
principles of law, I do not know what would be such.
I have often thought that the habit of studying the
law has an effect in obscuring the mind from the per-
ception of the clear principles of common sense and
common justice, which are so readily felt and under-
y stood by people in other occupations. Lawyers often
e make artificial distinctions, where no one else would
think of making them, and carry the subtleties of
special pleading into the great and fundamental princi-
ples of justice. A man may make a good lawyer, and a
| miserable statesman. The one allows his reason to be
shackled by the rigid and often arbitrary rules and
principles of law, in all the views he takes of great
national questions. The other takes a broad and ex-
panded view of these questions, in reference to their
influence upon the welfare of society, and the great
principles of justice and humanity. No other circum-
stances will explain the illiberal and irrational views
1. which pervade the speeches of many of our legislators
in Congress, and the opinions of many of our distin-
guished lawyers and judges. There are views ex-
is pressed, in many of these speeches and these opinions,
d which are totally abhorrent to all the first principles of
2. justice, and even to the plain principles of common
n sense. These persons talk with great flippancy about
at the rights of individuals to hold property in human
s beings, and the political rights of States to determine
their own institutions and laws, while they totally ig-
nore, and treat with the utmost contempt, the doctrine
that these human beings have any property in their
i own bodies and souls, and the same right to make use
1 of their faculties for the acquisition of other kinds of
property as they themselves have. They can prate
m about civil rights, which are the mere creatures of a
i political frame of government, but disregard, totally,
those natural and inalienable rights which belong to
of the whole human family, whether black or white,
which are the gift of God, and inherent in our very
natures.
W. S. A.
UA
>
O
ad ANTI-SLAVERY CONVENTIONS IN NEW YORK. We
w call special attention to the series of Anti-Slavery
to Conventions to be held in Western and Central New
ne York, commencing this day at Buffalo, and extending
a, through the entire month of January-culminating in
rs the anniversary of the State Convention, to be held in
uv, Albany, February 4th, 5th, and 6th. It will be seen
an that a strong array of speakers is advertised, among
as whom we are highly gratified to see the names of
ce Gerrit Smith and Beriah Green. In all the various lo
nd calities named, every effort should be made to secure
em full attendance, by giving extensive notice of the meet-
1- ing. It is by this process of "agitation that the
int chains of the slave are to be broken, and the impending
in judgments of Heaven averted. Therefore, be up and
doing !
in
Tu TRIBUNE AND WENDELL PHILLIPS. The edi
torial article we have copied on our first page from the
Tribune, caricaturing Mr. Phillips for his noble devo
tion to the Anti-Slavery cause, has not a particle o
truth or wit to redeem its coarseness and assurance
The Tribune has many anonymous contributors to it
editorial columns, so that it is often a matter of guess
tho
work as to the authorship of particular articles. I
and this instance, it is not difficult to identify the writer
of and whatever intellectual smartness he may possess
his well-known habits are such as to render him a
ble incompetent to measure the philanthropy, and more
de- elevation, courage and disinterestedness of Mr. Phi
lips, as a Hottentot is to judge of the merits of Shak
gro peare or Milton. In this he is out of his elemen
Let him learn to speak the words of truth and sober
ery ness."
of
eet


